[Music]
your name so you want to make a
difference yeah trust me you're gonna
love it
and which bronzer you interested in
joining
got their pilot best in the galaxy
I'm a driver and I'm a flier
I've been running scams on the street
since I was 10
[Music]
he's kicked out a flight Academy
for having a mind of my own
you're after something is it revenge
that might be the only person
who knows
what you really are
[Music]
what's happened you look good
little rough around the edges but good
hey kid
heard about a job big shot gangster
putting together crew I waited a long
time for a shot like this
you win that's it
if you come with us you're in this life
for good you got a line on a ship
yeah no guy
[Music]
he's the best some of you around I heard
a story about you I was wondering if
it's true everything you've heard about
me it's true well what do you know
l-3 let's go with a mean man's face oh
these guys or is it something else might
wanna buckle up baby
get ready now we're in trouble there for
a second but it's fun we're fine
[Music]
let me give you some advice
assume everyone will betray you and
you'll never be disappointed I got a
really good feeling about this
when do you know how to fly me a hundred
and ninety years old look great
[Music]
Oh